Ready to take the journey to the smuggler?
Alright lead the way
The journey may take a while. We will take the long tunnel to the north, out of the town. Let us move out.
Alright this is the tunnel. Hope you are prepared.
Yes. Let's go!
Alright! Now hold your nose, well you already know that. (Shivers) It stinks in here, eww.
Have you heard these weird sounds in the tunnels. People tell that many years ago cats got into the sewers. Then they grew abnormally large. Some say they are carnivorous.
Alright this is our exit! I give you the honor.
Onwards!
Ok here we are, wait a moment, I need to tell you something.
Stay behind me. This is old storage unit. The dealer is back there, leave me the talking alright?
Alright!
No words now.
Did you get that magnetometer? Are we ready to move?
Yes we can go back.
Let us go! And keep your head down.
Once all of this was green land. Family homes. Now it is all gone. The homes were raided, the people taken away.
Shoot! A tracker. Soon they will come! To the sewers run! Don't Look back!
You made it! I was getting worried there. Let's go.
The whole region is likely under lockdown now.
Why were they searching the sewers? We need to get back.
So.
What color has the wooly carpet!?
Welcome!
BANANA!
Ahhh! Come in, come in!
I, I don't know! He got lost in all the hustle! I am terribly sorry (sighs).
Anyway...
Oh there he is! You made it!
Thanks be! What happened?
We met some problems on our way back!
Seekers?
Not only. We got agents in the sewers. They will find out about us soon.
Not only. I met agents in the sewers. They will find out about us soon.
I told you not to worry. They won't.
They were just next by. I bet they will return and go this way.
You think they might be onto us?
They were just behind, I am sure they will be scouring the entire sewer complex again. Just like the first time around, years ago.
(Pauses) In that case, let us make a move soon.
Let's be quick about this.
If you are ready talk to your friend. Let us bust this gate open!
What color has the wooly carpet?!
(Yells) BANANA!
Jason!? Come on over!
How are you doing?
All is well. Got a magnetometer?
Yes take it! It's somewhere on theses boxes. (Turns to you) And who is that?
My wingman! Hey could you throw a little discount on these magnetometers for him?
(Sighs) Alright, I'll do it for your sake. Well if you need anything you can just ask. Wanna buy a watch?
No thanks bernd.
(Whispers) Watch out for these seeker robots. Quick now, follow me!
(Whispers) I think you are not from here if I am correct in thinking?
(Stops) Now, if Michael trusts you, I will too. I know he's right when it comes to people.
Let me tell you the story of this whole situation, since it is your first time on the island no doubt.
(Whispers) Some years ago, the big guy got into power, with many technological inovations and promises for a bright and enhanced future.
(Whispers) Well, the hover technology is only for the elites... They put up a suppression field for any flying device, which is not theirs.
(Whispers) Anything below a certain altitude will simply drop to the ground... Which does not have their special tag.
(Whispers) Then they build this ugly monster to our right. The ATMO Exchange.
(Whispers) That was ravenholly once, we don't go there anymore...
(Whispers) To aid in the issue of "climate change and pollution". Must have been some kind of sick joke.
(Whispers) We were mandated oxygen masks. To "preserve valuable oxygen".
(Whispers) Man I was so sick of the stink of those plastic oxygenators. I pity those citizen in City I.
(Whispers) There was an outbreak of the Coconut Crab-Plague in 2010... The economy was forcefully halted, prices were rising, people were not able to afford a simple fusion cell.
(Whispers) After the crash, the new currency came and we believed it would get better... We said finally the consul would help.
(Whispers) An implant was the mandatory way of paying or selling, transparent & revolutionary as the consul said. Unifying. Some kind of micro chip.
(Whispers) That was when some outlaws burned the church, we hid beneath the church in the sewers and the island was shut of from the outside world.
(Sighs) Not many from the outside truly know what is happening on this island, that is why we try to smuggle out as many as possible. That the world will come to see it.
Boogers!
They must have enabled a region wide shutdown in this area!
There is no way around this barricade, but for...
It means there is no other way.
You have to go through Ravenholly!
I will wait for you, but what ever you do, avoid the characters inside Ravenholly.
Especially the Cremators (Shivers) The way to Ravenholly is on your left.
Can you tell me anything about the outside world?
Well it is vastly different. This island is perfectly sealed off from the outside world. They but barely know what is truly going on here. And without us, not many would have been able to get smuggled out to tell the tale.
God be with you!
That was awesome! You need to teach me that! Good let's go!