...
Please.
Hmm, why not?
A valid question! Follow me!
(Diplomatic) Listen I just came here to retrieve my car.
I see that this wise course does not commend itself to you. But why not? After all, you would become super human! You would become my champion! I give you this chance freely! Together we will rule over all of time and space!
Look thanks, but I just want my car back and be outta here.
(Losing his temper) Well then, you choose to bite the hand that feeds you, I'll give you a fitting reward just like those other rebellious folks! You may not remember me, but I remember you very well, and Edward! After I was booted from university, which you two know that you played a part in!
I'm not done yet!
I don't know you for crying out loud!
(Annoyed) Oh you don't? Let me give you a bit of a refresher! If you don't remember me I am sure Edward, that coward, will! I'll have my revenge on him, thanks to him I lost my future, and then one thing after the next went into ruin! After my families organisation CCORP went bankrupt I had nothing left. I lost everything, but then a man found me, and he helped me to get to the top of the power structure! And now, after you are taken care of, will my new master be able to concentrate on our actual plan!
Let me guess, world domination?
(Impatient) Pay attention this is important! My organisation has infiltrated every single major institution in the western world! We changed everything from the inside. Everything is now under the thumb of my master. 
(Sighs) Very original.
(Ignores your comment) We are soon planning to unveil him, my master!
(Pretend to be interested) Please continue...
This nice little island was only a testing ground for WORLD DOMINATION! To bring order to this disordered world of ours! And I know what is best for it. And after the world is taken under our reign, I will focus my entire strength on ruling over the entirety of time and space!
Okay...
This is my timeline dear friend. With the past in our firm grip, with the help of my research, my technology, my implants, we will gain control over all of time and space! And then, we shall have peace. 
Right...
We have it all well planned out. A GREAT ECONOMIC RESET! A ONE WORLD BANK... (Joking) Cause there is always room for profit, hehehe! If you don't have the implant, you won't survive in our new world! (Chuckles) Hue Hue Hue! My master knows best!
This has to be the worst plan for domination ever.
(Scoffs) Oh, sure. You know, you were a pain ever since you escaped with that stupid tin can on wheels. Surely you must see the hopeless outset with this little endeavor of yours! After I explained to you our elaborate plot in detail!
Only the smartest villains do that!
Yes haha! (Pauses in reflection of your ironic tone)... You little rat! Every time we changed the future, you kept reverting it back! But this has to end now. Guards, bring the executioner! I am sure you will recognize it. HUE HUE HUE HUE! (Chuckles).
I expected you'd say touche.
(No temper left) Alright! That is it! Guards kill him! After all, you two are not the only ones I have to eliminate... You are but a nuisance, compared to... MÎM.
I cannot believe it. Not again!
A voice
What is going on here? Leave him!
Is that how you treat people who come to the door?
Please come closer...
---
After this little nuisance, there will be nothing more standing in my way! Hahaha!
We get it! You're a moron!
Who said that?! Agents! One of you said it! (Continues his rambling).
RRR I will punish you all, you good for nothings! Boogerheads!
(Whispers) psst hey I repaired the laser.
(Whispers) get on the ground.
(Cuts his rambling) This is the last time you have been crossing my plans!
(Yells) Enabling self defence mode!
(Shouts) Whaaat?!
Wait don't do this!
What?! Who said that?!
Firstly, how guilible are you?! Here is my revenge... Edward, look! (Throws you off).
NOOOOooooo!