So I had this idea going on.
What do you think?
An electromagnetic plasma accelerator. A gun that shoots bursts of ionized gas! ...In the 40 Watt range. If my calculations are correct it will work as a kind of stun gun, not being lethal. I got everything but a magnetometer and revolver parts, from the 1880s. Could you get them by any chance?
So?
Ah sure.
Great!
So! Got the things? Place them on the table please.
Alright here.
Great! Here is the rest of the stuff, I have put together this aparatus while you were getting the things, I call it Mr. Crafty! Now put the items next to my invention, the crafty. I programed the plans for the gun into the machine.
Why that revolver?
If your gonna build a futuristic gun, why not with style? Besides the alloy of the casing was non conductive in those days. So you wont get an electric shock.
Where will I get the revolver.
I don´t know look if they offer it at a YeBay station, there should be one here at the town square. (Grinning) I am sure you can handle that task.
Yes?
And afterwards?
Test the gun in the backyard. I built that target practicing robot some time ago. I never managed to modify it to a more user friendly, safe, difficulty level. Shoot at it, to trigger the training mode. (Pauses) Well afterwards tell me how it worked.
What if I lose Mr. Crafty?
I put a patent on it. You can buy my first successful invention in every 6/12 store.
How do I use Mr. Crafty?
Have the stuff you need for your crafting next to the device. Then activate it and select a craftitem in the menu. Then press craft.
Ah you're back.
That robot was a bit aggressive.
I told you! I did not manage to calibrate it to work userfriendly! So did it work?
Sorry for that miscomfort I hope you can forgive me. But did it work?
It's more of a plasma fart, than a plasma gun!
It works as expected! This base model is weak, go to the workbench downstairs in my basement to modify the EPA! I can give you either another capacitor or a noble gas for your epa. Those mid tier capacitors from 6/12 are the best by the way! Also, hydrogen gas is strong and gives this super rad purple plasma! Any noble gas will be stronger than pure air plasma! With the right enhancements you will become unstoppable!
Sorry for that miscomfort I hope you can forgive me. But did it work?
I tried out the workbench. What's up next?
Great! (thinks) We might need to do a hover conversion on the car!
Sorry for that miscomfort I hope you can forgive me. But did it work?
A hover conversion?
Yes! That would give you an opportunity of using the sky to your advantage! I mean why not! Besides who doesn't like flying cars, am I right?
Give me the capacitor!
Give me the noble gas!
Alright here, take it from the table, head downstairs and implement your new addon into the gun! Oh, and don't turn the voltage cap beyond the rating of the capacitors, unless you want them explode in your face of course.