Hey, it's you! Thank you for everything. For helping me find Ms. Eleanor, man.
Well it's been quite a ride has it not?
I will stay a little while with Jason before we inevitably return.
Woohoo man! Those guys know the beat.
Want some bisque?
Sure why not?
Once you got bisque, you can't resist eh?
Good job pal! I will see you around.
(Sighs) So it seems like all is saved! Maybe. I suggest you do the rounds with every one in the crew...
Are you feeling alright?
Well, the Detective... I wish I could have said some last words to him, there was no time in all the action.
He is not really gone.
(Raises an eyebrow) I should have known.
In the moment of me seeing my old self...
You had that vision again? Of the time machine not working, in Manhofer?
Do you think it could mean something?
Maybe this is our chance, to destroy it for good.
But what about Mîm?
What about him?
If we prevent our time machine from happening...
We will prevent our victory against Mîm?
Yeah.
I don't think so. This final victory was not our doing. I don't want to know his fate, where ever he is now, though his death will likely not be the end of it.
So the paradox cancelled him out?
His younger version. The one to be blamed for your chip implant in the beginning of our last Manhofer tests. Outside of Time and Space, there is No Time, what ever his fate now happens to be, we cannot ever change it. Now this vision you had, might mean that we have been given the chance, that I, we have been looking for.
Then it might be prudent to destroy it?
I cannot tell you. You had this vision in Manhofer labs, of the test failing. But peace has been restored either way.
...
Maybe this will be our chance to prevent something worse. Looming on the horizon...
But that will mean all our friends will forget!
None will remember, logically speaking of course. Though you and me remember events from timelines, that we should not have any recollection of. But I think fate wills it that we will do this last thing, now that we have the chance to do it.
Hmmm.
It is your call, but for let's rest a while and once you are ready and willing, we can attempt a break in into Manhofer Labs and end all of this. (Ending Sequence coming very soon).
Hey man welcome back! I am was working on my future machine blueprints!
I am ready. Let's end this.
Then let's enter the car!